
Today we have started learning python and we did different programs with python
Python is more fun and easy to code compared to both bash and C language.
Overall, I have enjoyed the class
No question!


Today we did some python excercises as we learned how to make a library and 
how to create a function. We have also discuss the upcoming project and I was 
assign to create an inventory for hat company.
As usual, today's class was amazing.
When are we meeting with our clients?


Today we have learned more about prime numbers and other syntax in python.
we have also learned more about our project as we will write a client request 
and emailed our developers so that we can tell them more about our inventory.
No questions!

today we started meeting with clients and we have created a testing tables 
in our github. we have also played a little game on which we find the average 
of different workers salary without telling each other. 
No question!

today we created a code that counts number of words in a pargraph and also changes 
different elements from that text such us adding # and changing all the letter into
lowercase. Today's class was fun as I have learned more about Lambda and how to use it. 
No Questions!

Today we had a meeting with our developers and clients and we discuss on the success
criteria that our applications need to have. We have also decided if we would meet everyday 
so that we could provide a feedback or wait until the deadline to receive a perfect app.
The class was fun today and I enjoyed it.
No question!

Today we started making the app by using Qt Designer. We have learned the basic elements we need to use 
Qt Designer and we kicked off on the sketch of the app. 
after we had a little meeting on the design of the app with our clients. 
No Questions.

We started our first coding today which was how to convert the app that we designed into code. We used 
pyuic5 to convert from ui file into py which then used in pycharm to starting coding for the remaining of 
the application. We had also learned how to do graphs in pycharm. 
NO questions.

Today we created a mainpage that runs the app in pycharm. This page will import all classes from created libraries
and it will connected them so that they could run as one. This is a bit hard for me at the begining but I got used it 
and now I feel like I'm pretty comfortable with it. I was confused with some of th terms but now I understand. Class was
fun today and I feel like, people need to talking to their client. NO questions.

Today we explored button behaviour were we connected the login page to the inventory page. button behaviour is a lot easier
than I anticipated, I thought it will be hard but after understanding the logic behind it, it became easy. Online class was
helpful because I can go back and fix my mistakes since I have everything in a video. No question. 

Today I have watched the video about the database and you retrieve the data from another file. I was confused about it when
I started using a big data as every time I tried to graph it, the graph wasn't what I was expecting which confused me more. 
Overall the video was really helpful and I have learned a lot from it. 
Question: Can you make a video about how you store your database in our apps?




